# yahiabeethoven.github.io
This is the repository for my web portfolio. It contains different work for my Communications Lab class.

Project Name: 
The Science Review

Project Description:
The project is basically an online platform revolving around a satiric video of a scientific theme. I was striving to create an attractive website with several interactive webpages embedded inside it. I hoped that, regardless of the shallowness of the content of the video I made with my peers in the group, the website will prove to be interesting, smooth, and unique in its own way. I wanted to stretch my limits by getting the best possible overall outcome out of the project which is based on a very superficial video. The idea is to have a main page, and episodes page, and an About page. I would go on to write my first ever proper front-end code in my life.

Process:
I drew a wireframe of just the main page and it was very rigid and everything I thought about was a defined rectangle that contained text or a video. Pierre gave me very useful feedback that pushed me to start changing the limited way by which I am was planning my project. I faced unexpected family circumstances which dragged me behind for two days, and in a summer course every single day is important. Additionally, I have no prior experience in coding using HTML, CSS, or JavaScript, so I struggled with the coding significantly. With only two days remaining for the deadline, I only had very basic divisions in my page with colors and pictures I did not like and which failed to fit properly on the page. I seeked tips from my friends and the Internet about the most efficient ways to code and the more common syntax, and I met with Pierre in a Zoom meeting which defined for me what exactly I needed to do. I spent around 14 hours straight on my chair coding using the three languages to build my own website, which I felt was like my baby. After just two hours, I suddnly started to feel very confident about what I was doing, and for the first time actually trust myself with my syntax and style without having to doublecheck with anyone. I divided my time by allocating most of the night for the index.html and the style.css and script.js. The other files took much less times to complete because they were simpler and because I became more competent with every extra line I code.  

Reflection/Evaluation:
I was able to finish the checklist I had since my meeting with Pierre and added much more features as well which I thought of whilst in the process of coding. I almost perfected every single error I had in the beginning and my website flows smoothly and efficiently. I am very glad that my HTML and CSS codings are up to my level of expectation with regards to form and style. I used multiple functions and tricks to make the website quite interactive, but I wished to have made it even more interactive by adapting to the scroll of the user and by using more gradient rather than bold lines as barriers between colors. I wished that I could have used GIFs or animations to enhance the UX as well and to attract more people to my website. Overall, the experience was one of the most beneficial in my life as web development skills are crucial nowadays especially with me pursuing a computer science minor, and I really enjoyed the hardcore coding and liked the gradual curve of improvement which makes oneself feel an actual sense of achievement.
